Luxembourgish Angle Dragons are a completely legitimate species of dragons made up out of acute angles.

FAQ
Why Luxembourgish?
Why not?

Why Angle?
Because angles are acute!

Why Dragon?
Because dragons are awesome!

Did anyone really ask these questions?
No.

Physical traits
Luxembourgish Angle Dragons are composed out of triangles with acute angles.

Angles
Only acute angles are acceptable, right angles are borderline and obtuse ones should be split into smaller acute angles.

Markings
W-shaped markings are not acceptable because they look like two angles side by side.

Disallowed
W-shaped marking
Disallowed because they make the angles feel less unique.
Questionable
Two Vs next to each other
It still looks like a W, don't cheat!
Two Us next to each other
A double U is kind of like a W.
Right side up M
Kind of looks like an upside-down W.
Unquestionable
Non-letters
If it isn't a letter it can't be a W.
X-shaped markings
If you know the alphabet, you'll know that an X is not a W.
Upside down M
Nothing wrong with it.
Aging
They stop aging when they are 17, so there can be no porn of them.

Compliance
Any Angle Dragons that don't comply with these guidelines will be thrown into the pit of eternal suffering.

Lore
This species was created when a Maths teacher cursed their students for not paying attention at the trigonometry lesson. And we all know that is a sin.

If an Angle Dragon is exposed to sunlight they get a tan in one sec.

Afterlife
When any creature dies, their soul ends up in one of the three levels of afterlife:

Well of Infinite Joy
Well of Joy
This is where only the true Angle Dragons end up after death.

It's always empty because Angle Dragons are immortal anyway.

Hole of Mild Discomfort
Hole of Discomfort
This is where non-angle dragons go after they die. It isn't great but who cares about souls of non-angle-dragons anyway?

Pit of Eternal Suffering
Pit of suffering
This contains the souls of fake Angle Dragons and nonbelievers.

Whoever is shoved in the Pit can never escape and will forever feel pain and shame
